Re: LM9256
    Standard model masses and models of nuclei
    by Alejandro Rivero

Dr. Alejandro Rivero
EUPT
Campus Universidad
44003 Teruel
SPAIN

Dear Dr. Rivero,

The complete file concerning the above manuscript has been reviewed by
a Divisional Associate Editor.  The enclosed comments advise against
publication in Physical Review Letters.  The Editors accept this
advice.

Your appeal has been considered, and our decision to reject is
maintained.

Yours sincerely,

Christopher Wesselborg
Senior Assistant Editor
Physical Review Letters
Email: prl@aps.org
Fax: 631-591-4141
http://prl.aps.org/


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Report of the Divisional Associate Editor -- LM9256/Rivero
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Dr. Rivero,

Your appeal, together with your manuscript and all related correspondence,
was passed on me in my role as the Division Associate Editor. I read these
materials and, unfortunately, I have to agree with the earlier decision
that your manuscript is not suitable for publication in Physical Review
Letters. Let me explain in detail the basis for such decision.

In your ms. you point out that there is some similarity between the masses
of the doubly magic nuclei Pb208 and Sn100 and the masses of the top quark
and the Z (or W) bosons. You also speculate that there might be a similar
relation between the mass of Sn132 and the yet undiscovered Higgs. You do
not offer any reasons why this very approximate correlation should be
anything else than an accident, but you imply that there might be some
casual relation between these systems.

Simply stating these observations is an insufficient basis for considering
your manuscript for publication. The fact that these nuclei are magic is
related to their binding energy (in fact to the binding energy
differences) not to their total mass. The binding energy is only a very
small fraction of the total nuclear mass, which in turn is mostly simply
related to the number of nucleons in the nucleus (M = Z*m_p + N*m_n - B).
Thus not only the systems are quite different (elementary particles vs.
complex nuclei) but the quantity you use does not really reflect the
feature (closed shells) that you use for your selection (not to speak
about double magic Ca48 or Ni56 which you dismiss).

So, let me repeat, since you have not shown that the relation is really
accurate on one hand and at the same time you did not suggest any
plausible physics explanation why there might be a casual relation between
such fundamentally different objects, I must concur with the initial
decision that you manuscript is not suitable for publication in Physical
Review Letters.

Sincerely yours,

Petr Vogel
DAE for nuclear theory
Physical Review Letters


Please see the following forms:

  http://forms.aps.org/author/resubpolicy-prl.pdf
    Resubmittal Policy (PRL) 
